docs: document KNN, PoT, Hybrid models (#260)
zama-ai/concrete-ml: docs/advanced-topics/hybrid-models.md

## Compilation

To use hybrid model deployment, the first step is to define what part of the PyTorch neural network model must be executed in FHE. The model part must be a `nn.Module` and is identified by its key in the original model's `.named_modules()`.

```python
import numpy as np
import os
import torch

from pathlib import Path
from torch import nn

from concrete.ml.torch.hybrid_model import HybridFHEModel, tuple_to_underscore_str
from concrete.ml.deployment import FHEModelServer

class FCSmall(nn.Module):
    """Torch model for the tests."""

    def __init__(self, dim):
        super().__init__()
        self.seq = nn.Sequential(nn.Linear(dim, dim), nn.ReLU(), nn.Linear(dim, dim))

    def forward(self, x):
        return self.seq(x)

model = FCSmall(10)
model_name = "FCSmall"
submodule_name = "seq.0"

inputs = torch.Tensor(np.random.uniform(size=(10, 10)))
# Prints ['', 'seq', 'seq.0', 'seq.1', 'seq.2']
print([k for (k, _) in model.named_modules()])

# Create a hybrid model
hybrid_model = HybridFHEModel(model, [submodule_name])
hybrid_model.compile_model(
    inputs,
    n_bits=8,
)

> models_dir = Path(os.path.abspath('')) / "compiled_models"

Reviewer: `Path(os.path.abspath(''))` is identical to `Path('.')>resolve()` right ? (avoid importing `os`)

Author: I like `os.path` :)

# Hybrid model deployment

FHE enables cloud applications to process private user data without running the risk of data leaks. Furthermore, deploying ML models in the cloud is advantageous as it eases model updates, allows to scale to large numbers of users by using large amounts of compute power, and protects model IP by keeping the model on a trusted server instead of the client device.

> However, not all applications can be easily converted to FHE computation and the computation cost of FHE may make a full conversion exceed latency requirements.
> 

Reviewer 2: I find the sentence a bit hard to follow. I propose

```suggestion
For certain applications, transitioning to FHE computation may not be straightforward due to inherent complexities. Additionally, the computational overhead of FHE might cause latency issues that surpass acceptable thresholds.
```

Reviewer: agree !

> Hybrid models are a compromise between on-premise or on-device deployment and full cloud deployment. Hybrid deployment means parts of the model are executed on the client side and parts are executed in FHE on the server side. Concrete ML supports hybrid deployment of neural network models such as MLP, CNN and Large Language-Models.
> 

Reviewer 2: I feel like on-prem and on-device is the same? I propose this:

```suggestion
Hybrid models provide an effective balance between on-device deployment and cloud-based deployment. This approach entails executing parts of the model directly on the client side, while other parts are securely processed with FHE (Fully Homomorphic Encryption) on the server side. Concrete-ML facilitates the hybrid deployment of various neural network models, including but not limited to, MLP (Multilayer Perceptron), CNN (Convolutional Neural Network), and Large Language Models.
```

{% hint style="warning" %}
If model IP protection is important, care must be taken in choosing the parts of a model to be executed on the cloud. Some
black-box model stealing attacks rely on knowledge distillation
or on differential methods. As a general rule, the difficulty
to steal a machine learning model is proportional to the size of the model, in terms of numbers of parameters and model depth.

> {% endhint %}

Reviewer 2: I am not sure what users should do with that information. Should we point them to the litterature maybe?

Author: I wanted a "disclaimer" - simply making a model hybrid doesn't fix all problems.

Reviewer: I would maybe link to some literature on KD attacks indeed !

Reviewer 3: Maybe worth creating an issue and properly documenting this in a second time?

```python
import numpy as np
import os
import torch

from pathlib import Path
from torch import nn

from concrete.ml.torch.hybrid_model import HybridFHEModel, tuple_to_underscore_str
from concrete.ml.deployment import FHEModelServer

class FCSmall(nn.Module):
    """Torch model for the tests."""

    def __init__(self, dim):
        super().__init__()
        self.seq = nn.Sequential(nn.Linear(dim, dim), nn.ReLU(), nn.Linear(dim, dim))

    def forward(self, x):
        return self.seq(x)

model = FCSmall(10)
model_name = "FCSmall"
submodule_name = "seq.0"

inputs = torch.Tensor(np.random.uniform(size=(10, 10)))
# Prints ['', 'seq', 'seq.0', 'seq.1', 'seq.2']
print([k for (k, _) in model.named_modules()])

# Create a hybrid model
hybrid_model = HybridFHEModel(model, [submodule_name])
hybrid_model.compile_model(
    inputs,
    n_bits=8,
)

models_dir = Path(os.path.abspath('')) / "compiled_models"
models_dir.mkdir(exist_ok=True)
model_dir = models_dir / model_name

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think we can get rid of all the path handling + tuple_to_underscore_str for the codeblock?

Author: no, not possible actually, the exported paths are fixed in CML code

Reviewer 2: Damn that's not pretty in the doc. Alright

<!--pytest-codeblocks:skip-->

```python
hybrid_model.save_and_clear_private_info(model_dir, via_mlir=True)
```

## Server Side Deployment

The [`save_and_clear_private_info`](../developer-guide/api/concrete.ml.torch.hybrid_model.md#method-save_and_clear_private_info) function serializes the FHE circuits
corresponding to the various parts of the model that were chosen to be moved
server-side. Furthermore it saves all necessary information required

> to serve these sub-models with FHE, using the [`FHEModelDev`](../developer-guide/api/concrete.ml.deployment.fhe_client_server.md#class-fhemodeldev) class.

Reviewer 2: Also something important is that the save_and_clear_private_info removed all the IP related weights.

Author: ok, I'll add that
